In the previous lecture we have installed Anaconda.
So if you search for Anaconda on Windows for example you will have this anaconda prompt which means
that if you have a python file for example this linear regression that PI you are able to execute and
run that given python file.
But there is a much more convenient option because if you have installed Anaconda there's going to be
an integrated development environment called Spider.
So if you search for Spider as you can see it is a desktop application for Python.
So if you click on Spyer it is going to open this ID and we are able to run a python code in a very
very convenient manner.
So for example I print out Hello Verd.
We just have to say that and if we run it there's going to be a console as you can see.
And here's the string Halvard.
So we are going to use this spider because I guess there you will find it much more convenient.
As far as I am concerned I like using the command prompt.
So if I have a linear regression file I just use this anaconda program to a byte in the name of the
file that by and it is going to do the same it is going to execute and run the python file and printout
Halvard.
So feel free to choose whatever you prefer whether you use the Anaconda prompt or you use Finder as
the integrated development environment.
It is up to you.
Thanks for watching.